SRVCOM-1728: Update abstracts and structure of global config docs for Jupiter guidelines (#44584)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-https-redirect-global.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/admin_guide/serverless-configuration.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="serverless-https-redirect-global_{context}"]
= HTTPS redirection global settings

> HTTPS redirection provides encryption and redirection for incoming HTTP requests. You can enable HTTPS redirection for all services on the cluster by configuring the `httpProtocol` spec for the `KnativeServing` custom resource (CR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTPS redirection provides redirection for incoming HTTP requests. The redirected HTTP requests will be encrypted. You can enable HTTPS redirection for all services on the cluster by configuring the `httpProtocol` spec for the `KnativeServing` custom resource (CR).
```

The HTTPS redirection only provides redirection actually. But as a result, the redirected HTTP requests will be encrypted (because it starts using secure port). So, I guess that we should write it a little bit accurately.
